# This txt file is just a place to modify the content of the blog-cards

Mediocrity is within our power to change. Mediocrity begins if you decide not to do anything. 
Most people don't do things that are in alignment with their goals. Most people will always be mediocre because even
if they have a clear dream, they don't spend even 5 minutes a day trying to be closer to that goal. Another thing is that
some people do not understand the value of time. Don't wait for the moment you are more freer, more prepared, have a certain 
amount of money. If you want to succeed in something, there is no perfect time to start. Do not make the dire mistake of believing
you have time to do something. Another sign of mediocrity is when they have a poor attitude to learning. They are certain in what
they know and are not willing to learn more. This keeps them in the same place while others keep growing. Keep an open
mind and be a lifelong learner.


Mediocrity begins if you decide not to do anything, but it is within our power to change. 
Most people don't do things that are in alignment with their goals. Even if they have a clear dream, they don't spend even 5 minutes a day trying to be closer to that goal. 
They also don't understand the value of time. Don't wait for the moment you are more freer, more prepared, or have a certain 
amount of money. If you want to succeed in something, there is no perfect time to start. 




Another sign of mediocrity is when they have a poor attitude to learning. They are certain in what
they know and are not willing to learn more. This keeps them in the same place while others keep growing. Keep an open
mind and be a lifelong learner.


"Blooms" is the flattering term for those who entered First High in the Course 1 curriculum due to
higher test scores in terms of application ability, magic tolerance, and interference strength. 
On the other hand, "Weeds" are the derogatory term applied to those who entered Course 2. The only
difference being is that students in Course 1 have access to private lessons 
and magic teachers while the Course 2 students do not. Although Course 1 students a more in-depth 
instruction, while the Course 2 students only study off terminals, the curriculum is the completely
the same. This is in no way demonstrates institutional stratification or superiority, but rather 
only that there is a lack of availability of instructors. One's potential is not set in stone.


"Blooms" is the flattering term for those who entered First High in the Course 1 curriculum due to
higher test scores in ability at the time of testing. On the other hand, "Weeds" are the derogatory 
term applied to those who entered Course 2. The only difference being is that students in Course 1 
have access to private lessons and magic teachers while the Course 2 students do not. Although 
Course 1 students have personal instruction while the Course 2 students only study off terminals, 
the curriculum is the completely the same. This in no way demonstrates institutional stratification 
or superiority, but rather only that there is a lack of available instructors. One's potential is 
not set in stone.